Address comments from Ben (#17)
boucadair/add-resolver-information: draft-ietf-add-resolver-info.md

#  Security Considerations

DNS clients communicating with DNS resolvers discovered MUST employ one of the following measures
to prevent DNS response forgery attacks:

1. Establish an authenticated secure connection to the DNS resolver.
2. Implement local DNSSEC validation ({{Section 10 of ?RFC8499}}) to verify the authenticity of the resolver information.

> It's important to note that, of these measures, only condition 1 can apply to queries for 'resolver.arpa'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important to note that, of these two measures, only the first one can apply to queries for 'resolver.arpa'.
```
